node: implement ADR-52 Tendermint Mode (reopened) (#6061)
tendermint/tendermint: docs/nodes/validators.md

When initializing nodes there are five parameters in the `config.toml` that may need to be altered.

> - `mode:` (fullnode | validator | seednode) Mode of node, Default value is fullnode so you need to set it to `validator` if you want to run the node as validator, When set to `fullnode`, the privValidator is disabled. When set to `seednode`, only p2p and pex reactor are used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `mode:` (fullnode | validator | seednode) Mode of node (default: 'fullnode'). If you want to run the node as validator, change it to 'validator'.
```

| Config Option            | Setting                    |
| ------------------------ | -------------------------- |
| mode                     | validator                  |
| pex                      | false                      |
| persistent-peers         | list of sentry nodes       |
| private-peer-ids         | none                       |
| unconditional-peer-ids   | optionally sentry node IDs |
| addr-book-strict         | false                      |
| double-sign-check-height | 10                         |

> To run the node as validator must set `mode=validator`, The validator node should have `pex=false` so it does not gossip to the entire network. The persistent peers will be your sentry nodes. Private peers can be left empty as the validator is not trying to hide who it is communicating with. Setting unconditional peers is optional for a validator because they will not have a full address books.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run the node as validator ensure `mode=validator`. The validator node should have `pex=false` so it does not gossip to the entire network. The persistent peers will be your sentry nodes. Private peers can be left empty as the validator is not trying to hide who it is communicating with. Setting unconditional peers is optional for a validator because they will not have a full address books.
```
